README.md, before:

# Simple5e
A hopefully simple-to-use first framework for playing 5th edition Dungeons and Dragons in MapTool. Tinker friendly, this framework includes built-in help features and is designed to be a foundation for your game. For more information, check out this [helpful introductory video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2kqC9pnF0s) and visit the [official RPTools.net forum thread](https://forums.rptools.net/viewtopic.php?t=28308).

![Simple5e Screenshot](Version%202.0/2.0%20Parts/Simple%205e%20v2.0%20Screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Download Version 2
This is a campaign file which can be opened in [MapTool](https://github.com/RPTools/maptool/releases/latest). Simple5e was built for MapTool 1.5.14 or greater.
- [Download Newest Version](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/releases/latest)
- [Download Parts Individually](Version%202.1/2.1%20Parts)

Detailed Installation Instructions: 
- Download and install MapTool 1.5.14 or greater: [MapTool Newest Releases](https://github.com/RPTools/maptool/releases/latest)
- Download the campaign file above: [Simple5e Newest Release](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/releases/latest)
- Open MapTool, and select `File -> Open Campaign...`
- Choose the Simple 5e campaign file you downloaded in the file browser and click 'Open'
- Some help should automatically load the first time you open the campaign to get you started.

Have fun!

## Recommended Addons
- [Bobifle's Drop-in 5e Monsters](https://github.com/bobifle/tokens). All the Basic Rules monsters and monsters from the Tome of Beasts. Optional support for these tokens is built into the Simple5e campaign file.
- [Merudo's 5e Spell Library](https://github.com/Merudo/spell-library/releases/latest). This addon requires MapTool 1.6+, and will give you instant access to nearly every 5e spell. It is HIGHLY recommended!

### Download Version 1.3
This version is even simpler and easier to hack around on than 2.0, but rougher around the edges.
- [Version 1.3 Campaign File](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/raw/master/Version%201.3/Meleks%20Simple%205e%20v1.3.cmpgn)
- [Version 1.3 Parts](Version%201.3/)

## Bugs, Feature Requests, and Support
- *Bugs and Feature Requests*: Browse any [existing issues](https://github.com/melek/simple5e/issues) and if you don't see your problem or suggestion, make a new one!
- *Support & Feedback*: You may find a fix for an issue you're having on the [Simple5e Wiki](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/wiki). I can also be contacted on the [MapTool Discord](https://discord.gg/CaGqb4) as _Melek_, and the [Simple5e RPTools forum post](https://forums.rptools.net/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=28308).

Commit message:

Add link to Custom Counters

README.md, after:

# Simple5e
A hopefully simple-to-use first framework for playing 5th edition Dungeons and Dragons in MapTool. Tinker friendly, this framework includes built-in help features and is designed to be a foundation for your game. For more information, check out this [helpful introductory video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2kqC9pnF0s) and visit the [official RPTools.net forum thread](https://forums.rptools.net/viewtopic.php?t=28308).

![Simple5e Screenshot](Version%202.0/2.0%20Parts/Simple%205e%20v2.0%20Screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Download Version 2
This is a campaign file which can be opened in [MapTool](https://github.com/RPTools/maptool/releases/latest). Simple5e was built for MapTool 1.5.14 or greater.
- [Download Newest Version](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/releases/latest)
- [Download Parts Individually](Version%202.1/2.1%20Parts)

Detailed Installation Instructions: 
- Download and install MapTool 1.5.14 or greater: [MapTool Newest Releases](https://github.com/RPTools/maptool/releases/latest)
- Download the campaign file above: [Simple5e Newest Release](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/releases/latest)
- Open MapTool, and select `File -> Open Campaign...`
- Choose the Simple 5e campaign file you downloaded in the file browser and click 'Open'
- Some help should automatically load the first time you open the campaign to get you started.

Have fun!

## Recommended Addons
- [Bobifle's Drop-in 5e Monsters](https://github.com/bobifle/tokens). All the Basic Rules monsters and monsters from the Tome of Beasts. Optional support for these tokens is built into the Simple5e campaign file.
- [Merudo's 5e Spell Library](https://github.com/Merudo/spell-library/releases/latest). This addon requires MapTool 1.6+, and will give you instant access to nearly every 5e spell. It is HIGHLY recommended!

### Download Version 1.3
This version is even simpler and easier to hack around on than 2.0, but rougher around the edges.
- [Version 1.3 Campaign File](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/raw/master/Version%201.3/Meleks%20Simple%205e%20v1.3.cmpgn)
- [Version 1.3 Parts](Version%201.3/)

### Custom Counters
If you are interested in the 'Custom Counters' functionality in this framework, this feature is generic enough for any game and has been made into a generic, drop-in library token version:

- [Melek's Drop-in Custom Counters system](https://github.com/melek/CustomCounters)

## Bugs, Feature Requests, and Support
- *Bugs and Feature Requests*: Browse any [existing issues](https://github.com/melek/simple5e/issues) and if you don't see your problem or suggestion, make a new one!
- *Support & Feedback*: You may find a fix for an issue you're having on the [Simple5e Wiki](https://github.com/melek/Simple5e/wiki). I can also be contacted on the [MapTool Discord](https://discord.gg/CaGqb4) as _Melek_, and the [Simple5e RPTools forum post](https://forums.rptools.net/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=28308).
